# introsde-2016-assignment-3-client
Davide Lissoni Mat.179878

12/12/2016

I worked in pair with Daniele Dellagiacoma.

The client calls Daniele Dellagiacoma's server.

Daniele Dellagiacoma's server repository: https://github.com/DanieleDellagiacoma/introsde-2016-assignment-3-server;

Daniele Dellagiacoma's Server Heroku application url: https://dellagiacomaintrosde3.herokuapp.com;

Daniele Dellagiacoma's Service url: https://dellagiacomaintrosde3.herokuapp.com/ws/people;

Daniele Dellagiacoma's WSDL url: https://dellagiacomaintrosde3.herokuapp.com/ws/people?wsdl;

Server Heroku application url:https://davidelissoniassignment3.herokuapp.com/;

Service url:https://davidelissoniassignment3.herokuapp.com/ws/people;

WSDL url:https://davidelissoniassignment3.herokuapp.com/ws/people?wsdl;

## 1.Introduction:

This readme is about the client part of the third assignment of the Introduction to Service Design and Engineering
course. The requirements was to develope a client which calls all the server service methods expected for this assignment and print out the results.
The client recall the requests more than once in order to verify when a operation suceed or not. 
All the client operations specifications and their results are saved in the client-server.log file.
Therefore in order to see the project run behaviour, the methods calls and the parameters settings more specifically please open the client-server.log file present in this repository.


## 2.Implementation:

The project has the following structure:

* **introsde.document.httprequest**: 
  * *R1.java*:class contaning the implementation of the request for the  method #1 of the assignment;
  * *R2.java*:class contaning the implementation of the request for the  method #2 of the assignment;
  * *R3.java*:class contaning the implementation of the request for the  method #3 of the assignment;
  * *R4.java*:class contaning the implementation of the request for the  method #4 of the assignment;
  * *R5.java*:class contaning the implementation of the request for the  method #5 of the assignment;
  * *R6.java*:class contaning the implementation of the request for the  method #6 of the assignment;
  * *R7.java*:class contaning the implementation of the request for the  method #7 of the assignment;
  * *R8.java*:class contaning the implementation of the request for the  method #8 of the assignment;
  * *R9.java*:class contaning the implementation of the request for the  method #9 of the assignment;
  * *R10.java*:class contaning the implementation of the request for the  method #10 of the assignment;

* **introsde.document.main**: 
  * *Client.java*: main class: This class contains the methods calls implemented in the introsde.document.httprequest package.

* **introsde.document.ws**: this package is auto generated and contains the autogenerated stub files used to access the published web service. The project already contains the stub files generated from Daniele Dellagiacoma's web service.

* **Other files presents in the repository**:
    * *build.xml*: ANT build script used to compile and execute the project through ANT;
    * *ivy.xml*: contains the project dependencies(the dependencies in this ivy are usefull just in order to deploy the project on Heroku. In order to deploy and run the project in local is not necessary to download any libraries);
    * *client-server.log*: this file contains the project logs, the requests settings and their results.

## 3.Deployment:
In order to deploy and run the project clone the git repository and then make sure to be located in the introsde-2016-assignment-3-client project folder just created and digit the command: 
```sh
ant execute.client
```
In order to re-generate the stub files make sure to be located in the introsde-2016-assignment-3-client/src project folder and digit the command: 
  ```sh
 wsimport -keep <service-wsdl-url>
```
